About Zscaler Exp


1. Aws certification complete.               
2. Prometheus Nagios pagerduty               
3. Git and github actions                   
4. Jenkins               
5. Docker Kubernetes
6. Shell scripting and Linux
7. python scripting 
8. networking
9. Terraform 
10. Postgresql
11. Grafana
12. API call postman


Akamai
2 3 4 6 8 10
1 5 9 11

Thales
Jungleworks

NAukari resume headline.
Cloud Operations Engineer with 3.7 years of experience in Cloud Operations,Cloud Infrastructure,Cloud Computing,Continuous Integration,Incident Management,Linux Administration,python,Shell Scripting,Nginx,NAGIOS,Ci/Cd,Ansible,Jenkins,Docker,AWS

How we will connect new node in kubenetes cluster with prometheus. what config changes
scaling of storage in aws
if pod is crashing again and again what will you check
states of pod
after deploying new build the pod is restarting again and again


provide passwordless access to new employee for multiple server
ssh public key and private key
last 10 days log files only

How to assign different IAM roles to different PODs running on the same worker node


air55084
webkul
502 error
ec2 vs lambda
rds vs Aurora
aws shield vs waf
migrate from traditional arch to aws with zero downtime
create infra with scalability security and fault tolerance
HOw to prevent DDOS/ bot attack
AWS Shield is for distributed denial of service (DDoS) protection, defending against large-scale network attacks (layers 3 and 4), while AWS WAF (Web Application Firewall) is for web application attacks (layer 7), filtering malicious requests like SQL injections and cross-site scripting. 

429 error
500 error
slowness in the site troubleshooting steps
OOM error java lang  => heapdump

circle Interview: SRE
on resume
prometheus => metrics alerting configuration
shell script 
python script read log file

Lenskart round 2:
new deployment on k8 cluster with zero downtime
whenever a new pod is created what is the changes in cluster on network side and other components of kubernets.
resolve intermittent dns issue in kubernetes cluster
architect a pipeline for 300 aplications
troubleshoot high cpu on linux machine
readiness probe and liveness probe

airtel: SRE
diff between docker and vm
components of prometheus
handling of any L1 incident with RCA
difference between overlays and status
crashbackloopoff troubleshooting
python script to fetch the body content and stor in a file

deepintent
aws services - route53 difference between cname and a record
switch between multiple k8 clusters     #set-context --current
fetch details of EKS cluster kubecofig


code-brew
write a basic docker file
write a basic terraform file
write RCA
tell me how you configure ci/cd pipeline
node application run
apache tomcat server vs nginx 
AWS services - EC2 config (proficient level)    
role vs policy
sysadmin roles knowkedge -linux 
github and bitbucket
worked on Infra side (managing hardware / setting up network)


if 2nd round 
go though linux, git
docker kubernetes terraform jenkins projects 
prometheus concepts



MyKarmma
linkedlist
mysql query

Techahead
what are Lambda functions
what is ASG and LB
how will you host a simple next js application






            


